Document Keyboard Shortcuts (#135)
mixxxdj/manual: source/chapters/user_interface.rst

in its default center position, then you will hear both decks. Right-clicking on
the crossfader will reset the slider to its default position.

> To crossfade left or right in master, you can use the keyboard shortcut G and H 
> in an English Keyboard layout. To apply small crossfade left and small crossfade 
> right in master the shortcut keys are shift+G and shift+H respectively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To move the crossfader left or right, you can use the :term:`keyboard shortcut` :kbd:`G` and :kbd:`H`.
To apply small crossfade left and small crossfade right, the :term:`shortcuts <shortcut>` are :kbd:`Shift` + :kbd:`G` and :kbd:`Shift` + :kbd:`H` respectively. 
```
